Compile FAQ

Q.  I get one of the following errors:
    - "security/pam_appl.h: File or directory doesn't exist"
    - "configure: error: please install libpam0g-dev or pam-devel"
    What is wrong?

A.  You need to install the pam development package.
    For Debian / Ubuntu this package is called libpam0g-dev.
    For Red Hat / SUSE this package is called pam-devel.


Q.  I get an error: "configure: error: please install libssl-dev or openssl-devel"

A.  You need to install the openssl development package.
    For Debian / Ubuntu this package is called libssl-dev.
    For Red Hat / Fedora this package is called openssl-devel.
    For SUSE / openSUSE this package is called libopenssl-devel.


Q.  I get one of the following errors:
    - "configure: error: please install libx11-dev or libX11-devel"
    - "configure: error: please install libx11-dev and libxfixes-dev or libXfixes-devel"

A.  You need to install the X11 and X11 Xfixes development package(s).
    For Debian: libx11-dev and libxfixes-dev.
    For Red Hat / SUSE: libX11-devel and libXfixes-devel.


Q.  I get an error: "rail.c:31:35: fatal error: X11/extensions/Xrandr.h: No such file or directory"

A.  You need to install the Xrandr development package.
    For Debian / Ubuntu this package is called libxrandr-dev.
    For SUSE / openSUSE this package is called libXrandr-devel.

Q.  How do I configure the same continuous integration bulids for my XRDP fork as the official XRDP repository?

A.  The XRDP project uses both Travis-CI.org and Cirrus-CI.com for continuous integration.
    Both of these services are free for open source projects (both the official 
    repository and forks), and these services integrate with Github to build any 
    changes pushed to public Github repositories.

    To configure Travis CI for your XRDP fork on github:
    1. Follow Travis CI instructions for connecting your github account to Travis CI
        https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/tutorial/#to-get-started-with-travis-ci-using-github
    2. In the Travis CI dashboard setting page select your XRDP fork repository for building pushed branches.
    3. Push a commit to a branch in your XRDP fork on github and Travis CI should 
        start building the branch because the XRDP repository already contain a .travis.yml file.
    
    To configure Cirrus CI for your XRDP fork on github:
    1. Follow Cirrus CI instructions for connecting your github account to Cirrus CI
        https://cirrus-ci.org/guide/quick-start/
    2. In the Github setting page for the Cirrus CI application, enable Cirrus CI 
        access to your XRDP fork repository.
    3. Push a commit to a branch in your XRDP fork on github and Cirrus CI should 
        start building the branch because the XRDP repository already contain a .cirrus.yml file.
